welcome back to flensburg these are the
final hours for this one 60s in the
harbor and the weather forecast for
today looks very promising so this is
our last chance to speak to the cruise
before they leave for st. Petersburg
Christian 800 miles to st. Petersburg
it's a very long distance I well
prepared for that I think we're well
prepared yet we took our time the last
couple of days to prepare on all the
different aspects of the race and I
think we're ready to go Ellen Greene
promised the price for the exacta
station um what's your guess when will
you will be there I think what would be
nice would be Thursday heating the guess
is it's a bit hard to guess at the
moment because there's different models
and the weather and it could be it could
be easily add a difference depending on
what model comes through obviously I
would hope for a fast race but then
again at the moment really can just
guess something will be sometime between
Thursday and Friday all right thank you
good luck for the rain
so Alan Green promised the price for the
exact is navigation so you are the man
of the hour what's your guess when will
you be there I guess it will take pretty
much for four days so yeah I think it's
going to take four days it's going to be
quick and beginning and then a little
bit slow down and then maybe sorry G so
you're right have here a favor better
condition for the race well it's always
nice you're done with our point is not
that nice so a bit of a darling and bit
of a reaching would be great and I mean
it's gonna be tough race so please get
some early changes and we'll be in top
all right thank you and good luck on the
race thank you
I
the pot is empty and this 160 are
enroute to a st. Petersburg and there's
nothing left to say then a fair winds
and following seas or as the Russian
says Moo July ambam cryonova purchase
via papoot Naga vedra GM food or by
killing I boost mobile yet Club blackest
crow
you